The reason why the International Olympic Committee delayed the announcement of the rankings
It was Zhao Ruolan who used contraband
It caused a delay in everyone's re-examination.
I heard our coach say
The International Olympic Committee is ready to fully ban Zhao Ru
You say this scum and shame
Shouldn't you be kicked out of the village?
Village Chief is impossible
That's not going to happen.
Ruolan would never do such a thing
This -- this isn't true.
Uncle, I knew you didn't believe me
Ah come
Take a good look at what this is
Your daughter was on the news signing a confession
Are you still quibbling?
Oh, Zhao Daming, Zhao Daming.
How did our village come out, you two scum?
One said to shame his ancestors for the little days
An Olympic game cheats and humiliates the country
Are you worthy of the plaque of Wu Zhuangyuan?
The father lost to the Fuso people
The daughter wants to turn her father over
But not with strength
Don't you have to cheat?
This is impossible
Ruolan would not do such an illegal thing.
I believe in Ruolan
Do you still want to quibble?
It's written on the door of my heart
From today onwards
Zhao Daming and Zhao Ruolan were expelled from Zhaojiacun
Take him!
village chief
Zhao Daming and his father and daughter were kicked out of Zhaojiacun
His house and fields
Should my son inherit it?
Of course!
No, absolutely not.
That's the last thing I have left for Ruolan
You can't take it away
Uncle, can we pass?
Didn't we agree?
As long as you can lift these 300 kilograms for ten years
You are eligible to enter this village
As long as you enter this ancestral hall
You are from Zhaojiacun
Then your property and your fields
Still you
Otherwise
Get out of here
Zhao Daming, you injured your lumbar spine after lifting for 10 years
Sequelae
Don't lift it again or it will kill you